Customer_Names,Comments,Reviews,Time
Vidyadhar Reddy,"Decent Phone, but not Great. Maybe, my opinion can change","Exchanged my OnePlus 5 as there was an amazing offer but quick thoughts -Screen - really goodOs - feels like stock AndroidBattery charger - average, taking too much of time to chargeBattery backup - not great, draining fast (12% drain for ~ SOT)Camera - AverageHaptic - Excellent, top classSpeaker - Very GoodCall Quality - Very Good - no call drop, excellent clarity on speaker modeFinger print scanner - decentOverall feel in hand - ExcellentBluetooth connectivity - Very Good4G+ Re...READ MORE",4months ago
Mohit Choudhary,Best in the market!,"The camera is amazing.I've attached the samples.The regular photo does the job fine (2nd pic was through regular mode).But if you open the expert mode and fiddle around with ISO and shutter speed, you'll get some really great shots (1st and 3rd pic).The battery life before update gave a decent 6+hr SOT, but after update it's around 9hr which is simply amazing.Also the refresh rate was 120Hz, so if you limit it to 60 you may see even better battery life.I would highly recommend this de...READ MORE",3months ago
Deepak Singh,Did not meet expectations,Display is goodmobile seems very awesome when you hold in your hands battery drains like nothing inside .pathetic battery drain....you need to charge twice a day can't relat on battery back up if you are heavy user stay away from this mobile l.instead of buying a fast charger buy a powerbank you will need it for sureREAD MORE,3months ago
Prasanth M A,Wonderful,I have been an  Android  user for the past 13 years I have never seen such a great camera performance in any Android display is best Camera 5/5Battery 4/5Display 5/5Performance 3.5/5Charging speed 3.5/5Product of quality is worth for every penny u payREAD MORE,3months ago
Anupam Kumar,Nice product,"I'm writing this review after using it for around 72hrs and so far I feel that this is quite a balanced phone. Lets address the cons first:1. Software is filled with lot of bugs (hoping that they fix it in near future) 2. Sometimes phone's refresh rate drops significantly 3. Earlier today, phone didn't detect sim, had to reinsert4. Connected devices have to be disconnected individuallyNow lets talk about the reasons to buy:1. Unique phone2. Good built, weight distribution is even, fee...READ MORE",3months ago
Manan Chitaliya,Excellent,Awsome Just New Look A Refreshed New LauncherAwsome Camera Setup The Picture Is Definitely Clear...Battery Runs GoodSoftware Experience Is Just Awsome Clean Fast And Safe Android To UseThe Back Lighting Is Also The Newer Look ....READ MORE,3months ago
Keshav Singh,Nice product,"Finally after months of waiting I got it on 13th july one day after the launch, excited AF!! .the phone looks fantastic , the in hand feel is soo great that you wont go back to another phone after using this one... the cameras on the phone are great!! I haven't tested them yet but the initial pics and videos were superb.. the video stabilization is excellent!!! ik this feels all too good but there are a few downsides to buying a phone from a new company after all... the ui is refined i agre...READ MORE",3months ago
Muddu Kishan,Waste of money!,"Pretty average phone. I always prioritise display and battery life, when buying a new phone. Based on the hype, with hdr10 display & 10 bit colours, you would expect a good display. But, Believe me pixel4A has a more vibrant, saturated display. Nothing phone has an average display. You can see the pixels close up. The glossy and color factor is missing.Camera is dead average. Again pixel 4a has a better camera, which is almost close to iPhone. Nothing phone camera is not at all sharp. Noise...READ MORE",3months ago
Mounica Pasulapati,Terrific,In one liner worthy for the amount spent. Impressive looks. Haptics are good. UI is cool and refresh rate is awesome with 130Hz. You can switch the refresh rate too. Touch sensitivity is good but definitely need screenguard for smooth handling. Glassy finish with transparent back attracts. Selfish cam is pretty good. Yet to test primary cameras during Day light. Phone is very very light weight. One small issue is like other phones mild heating occurs while using heavy apps or parallel usage o...READ MORE,4months ago
Chethan A,Mind-blowing purchase,"I am not a Nothing brand promoter, based on my 5 day's of usage i am sharing my experience, i feel great because This Nothing phone made Apple phone users to look at me (feels great because the built quality is very good).Display is awesome.Camera especially videos stabilization and photos are brilliant.Performance is good till now I didn't feel any lag.Battery easily one day.(compared with the OnePlus 10pro, Nothing is better than anything) Something Different, a very good phone.It ha...READ MORE",4months ago
